password-security-module
========================

### Introduction

This project creates a Javascript library for NodeJS. It aims at securing
existing passwords by encrypting them, or generating new passwords on demand.
For both usages, the whole process is repeatable: by providing the same input,
the library always produces the same output. And the cryptographic secrets
necessary to control the library's behavior, never leaves the module itself.

Although similar to another password manager, the library itself is stateless,
it outsources any task for permanent storage to the calling code. As such this
module supplements, rather than replaces, existing password storage practices
of using a password manager: by replacing the stored password with a "password
requesting URL" (generated by this module after importing it), one must have
access to both the password manager itself, and this module, to have an actual
password revealed.

And consider that this module can be used quasi-offline on a computer detached
from Internet:

	A request or a response is transferred in text-form with predefined format,
	and initial secrets for running the module are either stored within hardware
	security modules, or decrypted on the computer without going over wire.(*)

Therefore a higher level of security can be	achieved as nothing exists online,
and from any output one cannot infer the secrets used (given good
implementation).

	(*) In fact, the module itself does not make assumption on how the secret
	is stored, all it requires is a random oracle function with 512 bits output
	(preferably a SHA512-HMAC function loaded with a secret). This function
	can be implemented in software or hardware, the latter could have better
	security.


